China has been selling off US debt at an
increasing rate in the past few years it
seems like the trend is continuing
leaving questions of who will be picking
up the remaining garbage debt the FED
will be the one to print money and buy
up this worthless pile of garbage you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you let's talk about China
selling off the US debt beginning with
that article right now out of Bloomberg
China's Holdings of us treasuries fell
in July to the lowest level in more than
three years that's significant that's
very significant in fact because what
have we seen since 2013 we have seen the
stoppage of
qe3 so at that point after Q3 stops they
see
well you know just like every other
asset class we are not going to profit
as long as they don't dilute this
currency any further with their
quantitative easing let's just leave it
where it is let's begin the sell off and
let's diversify that's what I'm seeing
I'm seeing a lot of diversification out
of the US debt US dollar denominated um
assets into other things surely I will
say right off the bat that China still
has a lot of US debt but it's the trend
that we need to follow if they were to
continue on this trajectory for another
3 years for another six years or so on
that would be very detrimental to the US
like I said they have a lot but it's the
trend that's what's important the
world's second largest economy repairs
its foreign exchange reserves to support
the Yuan and that's something that is
crucial in the financial industry
because you look at or I should say the
the economies basically because what we
see is these different currencies not
rated against all the same thing like
for example R against gold or anything
else any other particular asset that
would be backing it in fact they're all
rated against each other and that causes
a lot of volatility a lot of uncertainty
and that's why they try to use a re
Reserve currency like the US dollar
because that's supposed to be relatively
stable so you couldn't factor in okay if
we're going to do a deal we're going to
sign on this paper here with you China
or Russia or what have you that we will
want want to know that in 3 years time
everything on this contract here is
still valid that you know there won't be
any major changes but that isn't the
case anymore because you have so much
volatility so you have companies that
don't want to do research and
development that don't want to dig for
new mind do new Minds opening up this or
that they don't want to open up new
offices and places all around the world
they want to basically consolidate and
streamline everything that's what's
happening right
now that's a lot of different Industries
in fact the biggest foreign holder of US
Government debt had 1.22 trillion in
bonds notes and bills down 22 billion
from the prior month the biggest drop
since
2013 and also interesting to noce that
Saudi Arabia's Holdings declin for a
sixth straight month and this goes on
basically to all of that rhetoric that
we've been
seeing about how Saudi Arabia you know
don't release the 911 information or
else uh we're going to sell off
everything anyway let's move on to the
next very important here I I've been
covering this talking about deuts Bank
as you can see their stock has declined
so dramatically this chart at the bottom
doesn't show that but you can see that
in not it's really not a long period of
time and such a big bank that's what
really concerns me very much because
it's not your local bank around the
corner Credit Union it has you know a
small amount of people in it we're
talking
about I if I'm not mistaken the in terms
of derivatives they're the biggest bank
in the world
and their stock is just tumbling and
tumbling is that because of that risk
exposure that investors are worried
about you know perhaps but it's usually
a lot more going on deuts bank's AG
shares and his riskiest bonds dropped
the most since the brexit vote after the
lender said the US justice department is
seeking 14 billion to settle a probe TI
to mortgage back
Securities okay 14 billion is not
that much but when you think about it
for a company that it's been suffering
as it is 14 billion does really become a
lot not compared to their derivatives
exposure but that's on a totally
different game
so that's what I'm seeing at this time
deuts bank had no intent to settle these
potential civil claims anywhere near the
number cited you know what's funny about
it is it's like they get to decide what
they're going to pay oh you want to F us
14 billion well no no we we're not going
to have that nope and it'll just go on
it'll just go on you're sure the stock
might suffer in a way as there's
uncertainty there but I mean they
control the financial system the
financial companies control the
financial system the drug companies
control all of the regulations the fdas
and everything like this and you have
Agri bus controlling the USDA FDA you
have every industry the corporations
control those sectors of government I
don't mean as if they're bribing under
the table I'm talking about their people
are there in the
positions it's like just leaving the
door open so they could sneak in through
the back door but guess what that back
door is just as visible as the front
door just you're just not looking at the
right
place all right quickly I just want to
move through these David Brock offers
money for new dirt on Donald Trump so
now this is the new campaign strategy
look we're going to pay you big money if
you have photos video information that
we can use we're going to pay
you if you give us that that's what's
happening right now this is the really
dirtiness that's that's happening that's
what I'm seeing
anyway look at the smear photo of Obama
I just wanted to mention it here it came
up on
drudge I thought it was interesting to
note and last but not least just
5.7% of Clinton Foundation budget
actually went to charitable grants
that's a sin that is a sin you know I've
seen very similar I think it was
5% uh in the American Cancer Society I
think it was that or ACA I can't
remember at this time but one of the
Cancer Foundation
and
95% of it of all of that money that was
being donated was going to the
administration of that and that is sick
that's sad because you have all these
people who you know they're just trying
to do their part they think look if I
vote if I give money to this campaign
I'm doing my part but what if your $100
wasn't going there and in fact it was
just $1 or $5 or whatever it might be
suddenly might have a lot of people
having second thoughts and that's what
I'm seeing right here as you can see the
money is being squandered it just fills
their pockets they are able to open up
charitable foundations and in many cases
they're good they're
honest companies or or or whatever you
want to talk about it foundations but a
lot of the time as far as I'm concerned
money squandered and it's truly
sad if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up and last but
not least if you found the video
informative I know you'll find my book
The Money GPS even more informative head
over to Amazon where they have a look
inside feature that feature allows you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care